Documentation improved: mobile access (#4235)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: docs/en/users/06_Mobile_access.md

This page assumes you have completed the [server setup](../admins/03_Installation.md).

# Mobile Access

You can access FreshRSS on mobile devices via browser and via mobile apps.

## Access via Browser

> The FreshRSS's user interface is optimized for both small and large screens. The content will fit nicely on small mobile device screens as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FreshRSS user interface is optimized for both small and large screens. The content will fit nicely on small mobile device screens as well.
```

Author: I am not sure which one is correct. I hope you know it better than me ;)

> The user interface of FreshRSS is optimzed to visit it on small and large screens. It means that it fits the content on small mobile device screens too. Just visit your FreshRSS instance with a common used internet browser (f.e. Chrome, Safari, Firefox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FreshRSS is user interface is optimized for both small and large screens. The content will fit nicely on small mobile device screens as well.
```

## Access via Mobile App

> FreshRSS supports access from mobile / native apps for Linux, Android, iOS, Windows and MacOS, via two distinct APIs: Google Reader API (best), and Fever API (limited features and less efficient).

Reviewer: macOS?

> A list of known apps is available on [FreshRSS GitHub page](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS#apis--native-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of known apps is available on the [FreshRSS GitHub page](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS#apis--native-apps).
```
